The first part of the code are all the track and vehicle parameters such as length, radius, etc. The centerline of the track is done using 4 parametric equations that are combined into a single (x,y) list. The straight line sections are drawn by generating a vector of evenly spaced numbers between the start and end value (-450 to 450), since it is straight theta is zero. For the curved sections we also use a linear space but now for angles, theta is for the track angle to get recorded that can be used by the car to align itself depending on what point on the track it is on. After making all for sections we can combine them all into a single x, y and theta waypoints. Based on the track width we made 2 offset tracks + and - 7.5 away from the centerline. The track is then plotted as 3 lines. For the car  it first calculates the distance between each waypoint, using this it interpolates a constant speed for the car instead of following the uneven spacing of the waypoints. For the animation the car moves at constant speed since the new x and y waypoints are equally spaced. A rotation matrix is used to alight the car's rectangle to the direction of the track using the stored theta values. The code also continuously updates the vehicle path with a blue line. To run the code open Project2Week1.m and click run.

For week 2, the files within the code are the 3 simulink subsystems, the code with our parameters and the track file, and the simulink simulation with all the subsystems. The matlab file establishes the initial parameters and the track paramenters that can be referenced to within the model. The simulink model then calls the X and Y components from the system, and then feeds them into the first subsystem driver. The system attempts to utilize a PID controller with 3 gains that can be adjusted to get better results. The system utilizes the look-ahead method to determine the distance between the desired track position and the current position, and then calculates the steering angle/velocity by looking at the distance from the track center, the misalignment with the heading, and the yaw rate. The lateral dynamics simulation subsection takes the driver steering angle as an input, calculates the resulting slip angles of the front and rear tires, uses the linear tire stiffness assumption to calculate a lateral tire force, and subsequently calculates the resulting lateral acceleration and yaw acceleration of the vehicle. The yaw rate, heading, and lateral velocity are obtained by integrating these outputs and passed along to the rest of the model. Finally, the x and y velocity and psi are passed through the vehicle kinematics function block, which calcuates the X and Y position of the car after looking at steering angle and lateral dynamics. Our model was not able to work, which we believe is due to incorrect calling of initial variables or incorrect use of the driver model function. We will iron out these issues when completing next week's deliverables.

TA Notes:
1. ReadMe is sufficient. Add more reasoning behind what is happening in terms of vehicle dynamics.
2. Add simulink (was not necessary for week1 but going forwards is necessary)
3. Add comments to code (especially if you are using built in functions).
4. Generate track (center portion) seperate from vehicle path.

TA Notes Week2:
1. Organize ReadME (Reasoning, Script Instructions, etc)
2. Implement "obj.m" parameters into Driver Controller.
3. Simulation appears to have framerate issues look into "drawnow limitrate".
4. Random rotation during simulation.
